Update About WAI, Contacting, Translating and Using WAI Material (#1365)
w3c/wai-website: pages/about/index.md

-   [Accessible Rich Internet Applications (ARIA) Working Group](/about/groups/ariawg/)

> -   [WAI Interest Group (WAI IG)](/about/groups/waiig/) hosts an e-mail discussion list that is open to anyone

Reviewer: Change line 133 to 'email'

> -   [WAI Interest Group (WAI IG)](/about/groups/waiig/) hosts an e-mail discussion list that is open to anyone

Author: ```suggestion
-   [WAI Interest Group (WAI IG)](/about/groups/waiig/) hosts an email discussion list that is open to anyone
```
